1.Which features does Java have to make it platform-independent?
Basically javac complile the code and generate the byte code file, which can be used any other platform but the JVM is a platform dependent



2.What is JVM, JRE, JDK
Java virtual machine(JVM) is specification or formuladted documentation how to write a program, how to generate a byte code, how to load bytecode, how to execute bytecode, how to verify bytecode.

JRE(Java Runtime Envorinment) Combination of jvm and libraries that means all the documented files are impeleneted into the libraries.

JDK(Java Developmenet Tool) Is a complete software havaing JVM,JRE.Libraries and Javac thats helps to generate a java code, In short it is combinations of all the documations, soruce files, libraries and compiler.


3.What is main features of Java

1.Memory Management - Java has a garbage collectors, that works automatically,  when the objects is not pointed any references or null at that moment garbage collect remove the object.
2.Pointer - Java handled the pointers impliciatly we dont need to handle it.
3.Platform Independent - After the compilation of source code we can bytecode run any other platforms.
4.Object Oriented lanagauge

4.How many time we can re-write a main method?

public static void main(String[] args)
public static void main(String []args)
public static void main(String[] array)
public static void main(String... args)

5.What is the use of String[] arg in main method

We can pass the extrenally values accroding to need

6.Why Java is not purely object orieneted langauge
Becouse primitive variables, static memener that is not belong to object, but has a features wrapper classes using that we can used primitive variables as objects.

7.What is type-casting?

Convert the values into another types of data, having a 2 types - Implicilty (Perform a automatically type casting means that small type values convereted into large type of values).
                                                                  Explicitaly(Perform forcefully type casting that more chances to data losses).

int x = 10;
double = x;

double ref = (int) 10.55;

8.What is data trucation?

losses of data while type casting the larger size data into lower size of data types.





